tonight we're having General Tso's
chicken with steamed jasmine rice and
broccoli
welcome to Tessa's kitchen
yes this recipe has a lot of ingredients
and yes it looks intimidating but it's
not it is well worth the effort
I promise you this will taste much
better than the restaurant version and
probably is a lot healthier let's get
started and have some fun I have here
about a pound and a half of cubed
chicken to whisk eggs about a cup of
cornstarch 1/2 a teaspoon of salt black
pepper and garlic powder and I'm going
to add everything to the chicken and mix
well
you
you can get this recipe and more on my
Facebook and Google+ page remember to
come and give me a visit
you will see a lot of people use flour
to code their chicken for this recipe
but the cornstarch is going to give it a
much crispier texture
I'm going to refrigerate the chicken for
20 to 30 minutes while I get everything
else prepared
and for the other ingredients you're
going to need about two cups of chicken
broth two tablespoons of corn starch
three tablespoons of soy sauce 3
tablespoons of hoisin sauce one
tablespoon of sesame oil two tablespoons
of rice vinegar two to three tablespoons
of sugar I'm using palm sugar one nice
thumb size julienne ginger about a
tablespoon of minced garlic this is
optional we like a little heat about 12
chili peppers and a teaspoon of chili
garlic sauce about six scallions the
whites julienne six galleons the greens
and some sesame seeds
and to your chicken broth you're going
to add the soy sauce and the hoisin
sauce don't worry I go back later and
scoop that out the sesame oil the rice
vinegar the sugar and as you make this
you're going to have your level of
sweetness that you like the cornstarch
now I'm adding the heat the chili garlic
sauce and the chili peppers those are
optional and the green scallions for the
garlic I'm going to add all the garlic
except about a teaspoon I'm going to
save that for later
give that a good stir and set to the
side for 10 or 15 minutes to let all
those flavors combine
place three to four cups of vegetable
oil in your wok and bring up the heat
between 375 and 400 Here I am using a
cooking thermometer because this is a
crucial part you want to maintain your
frying temperature at 375 if you don't
your chicken will be soggy
I'm going to fry this chicken in batches
of six to eight pieces at a time this
will help maintain my oil temperature
since these are nice sized pieces I'm
frying
four to five minutes until they are
golden brown
you
then place them on a paper towel to help
absorb some of the excess oil here I'm
using some leftover coffee filters I
don't use them anymore but they still
have a good use
you
and this is what they look like after
cooking and nice crispy crust and still
moist inside
on medium-high heat place about a
tablespoon of oil in your wok add the
white scallions the ginger and the
remaining teaspoon of minced garlic and
stir for about a minute
you
now add your sauce slowly and be careful
bring up to a boil and stir and you will
see the sauce thicken
you
ah it is smelling so good
now add your chicken and stir just to
get the chicken pieces covered with the
sauce and it's ready
you
add your sesame seeds on top and put in
your serving bowl
yes it tastes as good as it looks and
even better it is absolutely awesome
tonight I am surfing with the side of
jasmine rice and steamed broccoli
you
I hope you try this recipe is well worth
the effort and you are going to love it
thanks for joining me here in Tessa's
kitchen remember to hit the like button
and also subscribe to my youtube channel
for future videos you can also find me
on Google+ and Facebook until next time
enjoy